statement positive feel
statement positive finding
statement positive feeling
statement negative feel
statement negative feeling
statement neutral feel
statement negative insulted
statement negative roommate
statement negative rejected
statement negative 
statement neutral feeling
statement positive feels
statement negative army
statement positive job
statement negative beaten
statement positive lectures
statement negative m
statement neutral remember
statement negative defeated
statement positive 
statement negative sweden
statement negative response
statement negative feels
statement negative came
statement negative wake
statement positive night
statement negative school
statement negative day
question neutral think
statement neutral 
question neutral difference
question neutral 
statement neutral see
question neutral team
statement neutral Rockets
question neutral reading
statement positive congratulations
statement positive Thank
question neutral problem
question neutral example
statement neutral make
question neutral like
question neutral Jen
statement positive look
statement neutral Jog
statement neutral Walk
question neutral classes
question neutral class
statement neutral sign
statement neutral language
question neutral say
question neutral help
statement neutral smoke
statement positive performance
question neutral traveling
question neutral learn
statement neutral believe
statement neutral s
statement neutral coffee
statement positive Sounds
statement neutral stop
statement neutral time
question neutral need
question neutral mean
question positive meet
statement positive See
statement positive tonight
statement positive call
statement positive Thanks
question negative sounds
question positive America
question positive see
question positive 
question positive live
question positive name
question positive Harvard
question positive sounds
question negative house
question positive weekend
question positive cinema
question positive flower
question positive imagine
question positive tango
question positive married
question positive ages
question positive know
question negative weather
question negative quit
question positive say
question negative 
question negative reminded
question negative speak
question negative one
question negative done
question negative joking
question negative food
question negative finished
question negative get
question negative lunch
question negative kidding
question negative warrant
question negative mean
